and so hello everyone I’m singing again
gordonov and my channel pavel lyakh 2000
and now i want to show you my
the next review on 5 minifigures from 10
Lego series of minifigures in the last issue
I also showed 5 minifigures out of 10
series and I showed there the same liner and
packaging but in this series I will not
spend time on it if you haven't watched
the first issue look monk and now
we will immediately start with minifigures since i
already said i won't show the liner
packaging not a lamin of polls for the background pack
and so we let's start the first
minifigure is such a girl and I do not know
drops call
In general, with a book book
opens and here you can even put
flat detail so it means she has
baby that's it and actually the bar prints
on the body on the legs one-sided face
hairstyle behind plinths and no
noteworthy prints and feet
from the side and so well, and many think except ria
I thought so where to put the book but
Of course, also came up with so between the hands
and then on them she will not fall
that is, it sits firmly enough
whoever has such a problem can
use my way so
the next minifigure is very cool
which I really liked it
paintball player
so look at his face seems to me
It does not seem to know exactly but do not tell me
seems like a face
someone criminal if you are a city ​​go
gambling here we have a spot of orange so
and here we have a lot of spots on our legs
on the body
green and also on the helmet
their light green gold on such
helmet with this recency 3 2 out of two parts
the helmet itself which can be attached here
so his hand and here is such a detail glasses
for eye protection and cool detail this is
us and the insignificant what is called
officially if you know write to
comments in general weapons from which
balls shoots well then there is open 2
so the next minifigure is like me
I realized I did not know for certain Barbarian w
Some of the 6 series I have a barbarian
this is probably
barbarian us any german i dont
Sure can even Roman though hardly
Well, I generally do not know exactly if you
know and also write in comments
so he has such a whole
such prints on the body on the feet
side too
there is no such hairstyle behind and no face
so angry and the same as the Roman
and from series 6 someone else had such
lance end with a rubber schas 3rd well
Here and she is gilded in
In principle, they are many elements
hope tore of the same color and so
the following figure is a gorgon medusa
very cool minifigure which me
I really liked here such here
hair
snakes as you see rubber also in her
there are two faces which is remarkable here
I have 10 mini figures from 10 series and
only 1 and 1 minifigures have two faces
so angry at 5 souls and calm but
I angrily like more here in 6
series 7 there on to almost like u
each minifigure
there were two on the face and so here is such an attack
and body prints
on the legs but it is not the legs it is generally stupid
such a tail they are very long I don't know
how will I bet
and since all very plump from my
there could be another minifigure then
I have everything alongside, that is
there will be a lot of space to occupy her
tail but I don’t know how I’ll put it
and here on the tail on this such glint
and so the next figurine well I don't know
how exactly do you call a trooper
any of some
and here he has such a print from Asia
the same almost exclusively still have
other new shade of color is present
red and white
Well, in general, again, my cross
I liked the story about his hairstyle
what the hell she is not rubber but still
cool here is such a very realistic
rich as a wig, it seems to be
foot plinths no weapons
a musket you rhyme so here forge a musket so
Well, I think that's all for it
thanks for watching the likes
comment boil with you're not a video on
my channel
drink and new videos thank you all good luck and
pack and new meetings